hello this is mr. monkey wars today I'm
gonna do a voice tutorial on General
Grievous of so you can sound like him so
first you need to download audacity so
if you haven't downloaded already
you gotta download it and um the next
thing you need to do is you bum you um
do your voice and has to sound something
like this you gotta like put your throne
into it so on after that you just say
like whatever you want for like um just
say like if you want to say army or not
you must realize your are doomed um I
can do that
you must realize you are - I don't know
if you heard of I mean do it one more
time
I really not you'll must realize you are
okay now um you go to a echo and um then
you go to the echo and you put it like -
like zero 0.5 or 0.005 for echo and
leave it there and click OK and it has
to load so putting my chapter that you
go to pitch and so you put it like
between ah - 16 or minus 20 or one of
those but everything sounds like it I
was just messing with it until like I
came across it so um after that you
click an X to go to file click ah course
export and then you come save it to the
part where you want to say place where
you want to save it as the under to file
name it all and click Save so yeah
basically gun please connect subscribe
so bye
ah general Kenobi
you're good but not good enough